to do all the music
we are going to add a little salt
of water just do not know exactly what
amount carries I always look situ to
So then because here I have what
it's three cups the water has to be
put a little warm but not much and the
let's add it does not have to go very well
that's because I do not think it's that hard
because it is almost the same is to make a
mix as well as prepare the dough for
the tortillas another more than if you have to
stay a little more be soft no
It has to stay when it's dry because
is this flour is a little bit more
is more ground then this one gives you more
well a texture like cornstarch and
this then you have to leave a
little bit
well
and in the end I ended up throwing him three cups
and a half for that package of flour
rice that has contains 24 ounces
three and a half cups of water
but adding that with little and we go to
get together if this is the consistency that
it has to be
it just feels a little
sticky but it's the same thing that makes
this different the flour that is to money
then how do we have the most
we already have the ingredients for
begin to make our pupusas are
the beans
the cheese with the crazy
and the cooked pork rind
and here we have the dough made of flour
of rice
I recommend you have another
container with water and another with oil
Well, each one of us, I understand that
many people have different ways of
to do it and then this me is like me
I prepare them in the water I have it here
to rinse their hands after they
I just did each one so that I do not
the hand is full of the dough and the
oil I use it so that I do not get
Stick the dough in your hands when I'm
doing the pupusas and that's from a
great help another little tip that
I learned from a lady that when I
I was already teaching the juicy ones
time she told me look for you
come out better the pupusas this the secret
of that and that a lot of people use is
that all the ingredients have to
be at the same temperature so that
the time that you do the compulsa this one is
well integrate all the ingredients and
do not be bad, do not be bad and do not miss
do not break
so I hope it serves you this
advice also we are not really going to talk
of the hand with little oil to be able
fix the ball of the dough
to start start doing what
press
let's make a little ball we're going to
do in the form of a single mecca
A) Yes
and we're going to start this thickening
yes
and then we're going to throw him to the ground
work without fear because I at
principle had the error that I
they left with so little food so
same that I did not know how to do it and I threw
very little
then we hugged hand again
and we are going around and pushing
down and at the same time go
closing
what was left for them
and then it starts to surface
they begin to give the form
how it lends itself to do this well
the forms
one thing does not have to leave is not
perfect
although it tastes good, it does not matter
the way you have
how can you see how good it is being
my little girl
ok then you are ready , we are going to
put in the alphabetical commodity and let's
to let it sew
and then when the
we put it to cook and there we
let's go see when it is needed
flip it
well let's do another one let's go
make the house
with what we were to do with beans
with cheese
and the ones that I know that call them the
revolts because everything is stirred and
does the thing equal nothing more than
reveal all three ingredients
Y
then earth
it is pressing
and from below also this
I'm comfortable
as I say the water I use it for
remove the food that I stay like this
over my hand and since I stay like this
clean the will of a little bit of
oil
do not
and we are closing it little by little
and wants to be the view
we will go we go through
as you can see this is a good way
easy to do and delicious that are left
these things
I also love more rice like that
of corn
do not just start here there is a little bit
maturity and here it is more transparent
that is normal
well let's put it in the light
from below
look what's going
what is blanquita
and things here we already have things be
cooking are almost ready
well then it was ready now
as you start tasting them and then
I hope you liked this video and
to put it into practice and more than anything
so you can enjoy this dish this
It is accompanied with a chicken salad
and the tomato sauce already depending if
they like the spicy but then in this
occasion neck as I did
provisionally and I wanted to teach you this
video then we are not going to make the salsita
tanned honey but to accompany it
Well, it would be much better like that but like
I hope you enjoy it and I hope
that they share it and then if they liked it
because I give away one like then but
for the next many thanks until the
view